calendar as cal
-
listing_id varchar PK FK >- ls.id
date timestamp 
available varchar
price float 
weekday varchar 
month varchar

neighbourhood as nb
-
neighbourhood varchar PK
longitude float
latitude float
PostalCode varchar
Borough varchar

listings as ls
-
id varchar PK FK >- ls.id
host_response_time varchar 
host_response_rate varchar 
host_is_superhost float 
host_listings_count float 
host_identity_verified float 
host_since date
first_review date
last_review date
neighbourhood varchar FK >- nb.neighbourhood
latitude float  
longitude float 
property_type varchar 
room_type varchar 
accommodates int  
bedrooms float 
beds float 
price float 
minimum_nights int 
maximum_nights int 
availability_90 int 
number_of_reviews int  
review_scores_rating float 
review_scores_accuracy float 
review_scores_cleanliness float 
review_scores_checkin float 
review_scores_communication float 
review_scores_location float 
review_scores_value float 
instant_bookable int 
host_active_days float 
toiletries float 
high_end_electronics float 
ac_heater float
internet float 
bbq float
home_appliances float 
coffee_machine float 
long_term_stays float 
host_greeting float 
safety float
outdoor_space float 
hot_tub_sauna_or_pool float 
room_features float 
other_facilities float 
private_entrance float 
parking float 
kitchen float
elevator float 
gym float 
time_since_first_review varchar 
time_since_last_review varchar 
avg_rating_overall float 
avg_rating_overall_cat varchar  
borough varchar 